it's another day where Le and his
brother MIM are confined inside their
house outside their Windows is what no
family wants their children to
experience Israeli soldiers and
bulldozers storming the Janine refugee
camp accompanied by drones and fighter
jets we usually distract them by getting
them to play we let them watch TV and
turn up the volume so they don't listen
to the sounds of explosives and shooting
this this is our home we have nowhere
else to go described as the biggest
military assault in the occupied West
Bank in more than two decades the raids
are concentrating also in t Karim and
toas with aerial strikes adding to the
number of
casualties a raid was carried out on our
neighborhood by surprise beforehand some
young men near my house asked me for
water to drink I went to bring them a
bottle of water when I opened the door
to give it to them in seconds felt like
something came down on us from the sky
and there was an explosion I didn't
understand what was going on when I put
my hand on my chested I felt Shel and
blood Medical Teams are finding it
difficult to tend to the
wounded we're used to the way the
Israeli occupation violates all
International principles breaks the law
by targeting civilians and Medical Teams
we've seen this in Gaza over 11 months
and they're doing the same thing now in
the occupied West
Bank Israel says its main target is
Palestinian fighters in four refugee
camps the military says that the armed
groups are planning attacks against
Israeli targets and are getting better
at making improvised explosive devices
for Palestinians these groups are part
of resisting Israel's decades long
occupation Israel's foreign minister has
said the Army should deal with threats
from the occupied West Bank like it has
in Gaza Palestinians say what has been
described as Israel's silent war on the
occupied West Bank Is Not So Silent
anymore such an escalation May alarm the
International Community but will come as
no surprise to Palestinians living here
who have seen raids intensify and expand
every day since October the 7th n ibraim
Al jaaz toas the occupied West Bank
Palestine
make sure to subscribe to our channel to
get the latest news from Al jaaz